README.md, before:

# DeepSynth Core 🤖

<div style="color: #333; font-size: 1.2em; background-color: #f5f5f5; padding: 20px; border-radius: 8px; margin: 20px 0;"}>
DeepSynth is an AI-powered trading and financial agent built on the SUI blockchain. It combines advanced artificial intelligence with decentralized finance (DeFi) capabilities to enable automated trading, portfolio management, and financial analysis.

</div align="center">

![DeepSynth](https://img.shields.io/badge/DeepSynth-0.1.0-blue.svg) ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-white.svg) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-2.7+-yellow.svg)![SUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/SUI-v1.41.1-blue.svg)

## 🚩 Overview

DeepSynth is an AI-powered trading and financial agent built on the SUI blockchain. It combines advanced artificial intelligence with decentralized finance (DeFi) capabilities to enable automated trading, portfolio management, and financial analysis.

## ✨ Features

- 🤖 **AI-Powered Trading**: DeepSynth uses advanced AI algorithms to analyze market data, identify trading opportunities, and execute trades automatically.
- 🔗 **DeFi Integration**: DeepSynth is built on the SUI blockchain, enabling seamless integration with decentralized finance (DeFi) protocols and applications.
- 📊 **Automated Portfolio Management**: DeepSynth can automatically rebalance your portfolio based on your investment goals and risk tolerance.
- 📈 **Financial Analysis**: DeepSynth provides detailed financial analysis and insights to help you make informed investment decisions.
- 🔒 **Secure and Transparent**: DeepSynth is built on the SUI blockchain, providing security, transparency, and immutability for your financial transactions.

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- [Python 2.7+](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

> **Note for Windows Users:** [WSL 2](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-manual) is required.

### Use the Starter (Recommended)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/DeepSynth-HQ/deepsynth-core.git
cd deepsynth-core
cp .env.example .env
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Edit the .env file

Copy .env.example to .env and fill in the appropriate values.

```
cp .env.example .env
```

#### Start DeepSynth

```bash
make agent
```

---

Commit message:

Refactor README.md to update DeepSynth description and highlight DeFAI capabilities

README.md, after:

# DeepSynth Core 🤖

<div style="color: #333; font-size: 1.2em; background-color: #f5f5f5; padding: 20px; border-radius: 8px; margin: 20px 0;"}>
DeepSynth is an AI-powered trading and financial agent built on the SUI blockchain. It combines advanced artificial intelligence with decentralized finance (DeFi) capabilities to enable automated trading, portfolio management, and financial analysis.

</div align="center">

![DeepSynth](https://img.shields.io/badge/DeepSynth-0.1.0-blue.svg) ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-white.svg) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-2.7+-yellow.svg)![SUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/SUI-v1.41.1-blue.svg)

## 🚩 Overview

DeepSynth is a cutting-edge DeFAI (Decentralized Financial AI) agent built on the SUI blockchain. By seamlessly integrating neural networks with decentralized finance (DeFi) protocols, it revolutionizes automated trading, portfolio optimization, and real-time market analysis. The platform leverages blockchain-native AI to deliver trustless, transparent, and efficient financial operations while maintaining complete decentralization.

## ✨ Features

- 🤖 **AI-Powered Trading**: DeepSynth uses advanced AI algorithms to analyze market data, identify trading opportunities, and execute trades automatically.
- 🔗 **DeFi Integration**: DeepSynth is built on the SUI blockchain, enabling seamless integration with decentralized finance (DeFi) protocols and applications.
- 📊 **Automated Portfolio Management**: DeepSynth can automatically rebalance your portfolio based on your investment goals and risk tolerance.
- 📈 **Financial Analysis**: DeepSynth provides detailed financial analysis and insights to help you make informed investment decisions.
- 🔒 **Secure and Transparent**: DeepSynth is built on the SUI blockchain, providing security, transparency, and immutability for your financial transactions.

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- [Python 2.7+](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

> **Note for Windows Users:** [WSL 2](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-manual) is required.

### Use the Starter (Recommended)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/DeepSynth-HQ/deepsynth-core.git
cd deepsynth-core
cp .env.example .env
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Edit the .env file

Copy .env.example to .env and fill in the appropriate values.

```
cp .env.example .env
```

#### Start DeepSynth

```bash
make agent
```

---
